Nym Secrets Vector for Everlasting Unlinkability (#13)
cfrg/draft-irtf-cfrg-bbs-pseudonyms: draft-irtf-cfrg-bbs-per-verifier-linkability.md

5. The Prover computes the *pseudonym* based on the `nym_secrets` and the pseudonym's context identifier `context_id`.
6. The Prover generates a proof using `nym_secrets`, `secret_prover_blind`, `signature`, `messages`, `committed_messages` and the indexes of the messages to be reveled from those two lists (i.e., `disclosed_indexes` and `disclosed_committed_indexes`)  using the procedures of Section (#proof-generation-with-pseudonym).
7. The Prover conveys the `proof` and `pseudonym` to the verifier. The verifier uses the procedure of Section (#proof-verification-with-pseudonym) to verify the proof.

# BBS Pseudonym Interface

The following section defines a BBS Interface that will make use of per-origin pseudonyms where the `nym_secrets` value is only known to the prover. The identifier of the Interface, api_id,  is defined as `ciphersuite_id || H2G_HM2S_PSEUDONYM_`, where `ciphersuite_id` the unique identifier of the BBS ciphersuite used, as is defined in [Section 6](https://www.ietf.org/archive/id/draft-irtf-cfrg-bbs-signatures-03.html#name-ciphersuites) of [@!I-D.irtf-cfrg-bbs-signatures]).

> The prover create a `prover_nyms` value and keeps it secret. Only sending a commitment with the proof of the `prover_nyms` that the signer will used when creating the signature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The prover create a `prover_nyms` value and keeps it secret. Only sending a commitment on the `prover_nyms`, with the corresponding proof of correctness, that the signer will use when creating the signature.
```

Procedure:

1. OP = hash_to_curve_g1(context_id, api_id)
2. dst = api_id + 'VECT_NYM_SECRETS'
3  z = await hash_to_scalar(context_id, dst1, api_id);

> 4. // Polynomial evaluation over nym_secrets and random_scalars, this can be

Author: This should just be over the nym_secret_commitments not random_scalars.

Procedure:
1. c_arr = (R, i1, msg_i1, i2, msg_i2, ..., iR, msg_iR, Abar, Bbar,
                                   D, T1, T2, pseudonym, Ut, domain)
2. c_octs = serialize(c_arr) || I2OSP(length(ph), 8) || ph ||
                                    I2OSP(length(context_id), 8) || context_id
3. return hash_to_scalar(c_octs, challenge_dst)
```

# Privacy Considerations

## Limited Everlasting Unlinkability

BBS pseudonyms are computationally unlinkable under the assumption of the hardness of the discrete log problem. In the presence of a Cryptographically Relevant Quantum Computer (CRQC) BBS pseudonyms can provide "limited" everlasting unlinkability. This is similar to how BBS proofs provide everlasting unlinkability in the presence of a CRQC.

> Let *N* be the length of the secret `prover_nyms` vector, let *M* be the number of pseudonyms gathered from colluding verifiers each possessing a unique `context_id`. In the presence of a CRQC if *N* > *M* the pseudonyms will be unlinkable. Proof/Discussion to be furnished...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Let `N` be the length of the secret `prover_nyms` vector, let `M` be the number of pseudonyms gathered from colluding verifiers each possessing a unique `context_id`. In the presence of a CRQC if `N > M` the pseudonyms will be unlinkable. In other words, as long as the *Prover* does not generate (different) pseudonyms for more than `N` unique context identifiers (i.e., `N` different `context_id` values, for example, for `N` different Verifiers), unlinkability of the pseudonyms will hold, even in the presence of a CRQC.

 TODO:  Proof/Discussion to be furnished
```
